Add a host resource detector (#5399)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: detectors/host/README.md

# Host Resource detector

The host resource detector supports detecting host-specific attributes on physical hosts.

## Usage

```golang
// Instantiate a new host resource detector
hostResourceDetector := host.NewResourceDetector()
resource, err := hostResourceDetector.Detect(context.Background())
```

To populate optional attributes, the resource detector constructor accepts functional options `WithIPAddresses` to enable `host.ip`, and `WithMACAddresses` to enable `host.mac`.

```golang
// Instantiate a new host resource detector with all opt-in attributes
hostResourceDetector := host.NewResourceDetector(
	WithIPAddresses(),
	WithMACAddresses(),
)
resource, err := hostResourceDetector.Detect(context.Background())
```

## Supported attributes

> According to [semantic conventions for host resources](https://github.com/open-telemetry/semantic-conventions/blob/main/docs/resource/host.md), each of the following attributes is added if it is available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
According to [semantic conventions for host resources](https://opentelemetry.io/docs/specs/semconv/resource/host/), each of the following attributes is added if it is available:
```
